# [Bronze I] Psuedo-Random Numbers - 6426 

[문제 링크](https://www.acmicpc.net/problem/6426) 

### 성능 요약

메모리: 2156 KB, 시간: 12 ms

### 분류

구현(implementation), 시뮬레이션(simulation)

### 문제 설명

<p>Computers normally cannot generate really random numbers, but frequently are used to generate sequences of pseudo-random numbers. These are generated by some algorithm, but appear for all practical purposes to be really random. Random numbers are used in many applications, including simulation.</p>

<p>A common pseudo-random number generation technique is called the linear congruential method. If the last pseudo-random number generated was <em>L</em>, then the next number is generated by evaluating (<em>Z</em> <em>x L</em> + <em>I</em>) mod <em>M</em>, where <em>Z</em> is a constant multiplier, <em>I</em> is a constant increment, and <em>M</em> is a constant modulus. For example, suppose <em>Z</em> is 7, <em>I</em> is 5, and <em>M</em> is 12. If the first random number (usually called the <em>seed</em>) is 4, then we can determine the next few pseudo-random numbers are follows:</p>

<pre><strong>Last Random Number, <em>L</em></strong> | <strong>(<em>Z</em>×<em>L</em>+<em>I</em>)</strong> | <strong>Next Random Number, (<em>Z</em>×<em>L</em>+<em>I</em>) mod <em>M</em></strong>
----------------------|---------|----------------------------------
         4            |   33    |                9
         9            |   68    |                8
         8            |   61    |                1
         1            |   12    |                0
         0            |    5    |                5
         5            |   40    |                4
</pre>

<p>As you can see, the sequence of pseudo-random numbers generated by this technique repeats after six numbers. It should be clear that the longest sequence that can be generated using this technique is limited by the modulus, <em>M</em>.</p>

<p>In this problem you will be given sets of values for <em>Z</em>, <em>I</em>, <em>M</em>, and the seed, <em>L</em>. Each of these will have no more than four digits. For each such set of values you are to determine the length of the cycle of pseudo-random numbers that will be generated. But be careful -- the cycle might not begin with the seed!</p>

### 입력 

 <p>Each input line will contain four integer values, in order, for <em>Z</em>, <em>I</em>, <em>M</em>, and <em>L</em>. The last line will contain four zeroes, and marks the end of the input data. <em>L</em> will be less than <em>M</em>.</p>

### 출력 

 <p>For each input line, display the case number (they are sequentially numbered, starting with 1) and the length of the sequence of pseudo-random numbers before the sequence is repeated.</p>

